[DOCS] Added the documentation for ELASTIC_CLIENT_URL_PLUS_AS_SPACE settings (#1311)
elastic/elasticsearch-php: docs/connecting.asciidoc

to `true`. The client is handling the rest internally. For every 8.0 and beyond
client, you're all set! The compatibility mode is enabled by default.

[discrete]
[[space-encode-url]]
=== Space encode in URL

If you use a space character in an index name, elasticsearch-php will convert it into
a `+`, since this space must be encoded in a URL. The same applies for `id` and `type`
parameters.

> Starting from Elasticsearch 7.4, a `+` in URL will be encoded as `%2B` by all the REST

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Elasticsearch 7.4, a `+` in URL is encoded as `%2B` by all the REST
```

API functionality. Prior versions handled a `+` as a single space. If your
application requires handling `+` as a single space you can return to the old
behaviour by setting the Elasticsearch system property `es.rest.url_plus_as_space` to `true`.
You can read the https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.17/breaking-changes-7.4.html#_changes_to_encoding_plus_signs_in_urls[Elasticsearch release note]
for mote information.

> Starting from elasticsearch-php 7.17.2 we introduced an environmental variable `ELASTIC_CLIENT_URL_PLUS_AS_SPACE`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from elasticsearch-php 7.17.2, we introduced an environmental variable `ELASTIC_CLIENT_URL_PLUS_AS_SPACE`
```

that can be used to encode a space using `+`, setting the variable to `true`.

> If `ELASTIC_CLIENT_URL_PLUS_AS_SPACE` is set to `false` a space will be encoded using `%20`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `ELASTIC_CLIENT_URL_PLUS_AS_SPACE` is set to `false`, a space is encoded using `%20`
```
